hello welcome to all of you on
that such today a new video
presentation that carry neither more nor
less than on one of the motherboards the
most desirable of the market currently
tsetse flies of most motherboards
market prices
currently we are going to talk about the
extreme bag extreme of asus a card
mother republic of gamer who is destined
clearly to overclockers and
users do the most demanding
hyperbolic bundle therefore physical to
fall to the ground so this is the program
of this new video on cocktail is
went as always we start with the
box
already nothing but the box we want to
the talk is to show how these
beauties just below we discover at
the motherboard we go without delay
was interested in the bundle is already nothing
the bundle is a pleasure to you
to discover it so there are two
things it's Christmas we just have
the small plate to the motherboard
black
the old star to be matched we have the
different little stickers for
recognize that they are doing the
ssd and the hdd present in the machine
we have of course small pilots
a very complete guide with a part
drivers and utilities the little
usb cable for where his docks bridges
s celi crossfire the all beast jet
republic of gamer what sort and sort series
celi the little card for the mini
pci-express combo with wifi and
the other side if we want
the m sata the cable for europe connect
different cables sata the devices
for measuring points of the voltages
odors to easily install the
power in usb3 all these things there the
terminal blocks for the wifi card with the
small antennas for the 4th region have
continued with a rear square for
the sata and usb bed
we continue with cable sata again
always his white versions that are
absolutely superb and finally last
point and not least the rise etc
so is that plugs into the dpi with
of the usb also and that allows by
example of having a remote display of
different settings it's a little
absolutely ultimate accessory that
will also deserve his little video
particular we immediately go to the
motherboard here we are now at
above this extreme us5 maxim with its
format it's a bit more than average
in 21 x format at what level
find on it first we'll talk
of these beautiful system of
cooling with heat pipes and
aluminum is very pretty
place that will not pose a problem with
long graphic cards around the
socket we find 12 phases
of feeds feeding these
chips with a pine case and 1 8 pin at
level of taken fans you go the
see it's the orgy one two three four
five six seven eight briefs 8 taken fans
it's quite rare to see as much here
find four ports ddr3 that makes you
take two thousand 800 megahertz
we do not know maximum here we have the pole that
centralize a little bit everything that is
for overclocking we have for example
legault button the selectors for the
pci express the measuring points for
the voltages the vga sense or the
fashion it n 2 or the slow mode and still
the post helps him get started if we
continue a little further down we go
find the 24 pins to power the
motherboard the usb header 3.0 and finally
the whole sata part with sata 6.0
for red skins and sata 1 2
for the black catches what makes us a
total of six holds that will handle the sata
iii and two taken that will handle that the
sata ii next door there is a small block
this little blog is the sub zero it's
so to have the exact temperature
of the motherboard when one is through
example
sue ellen 2 then we take the small
button for the bio switch and all
connectors for usb fronds
banal all those things
as well as a new esata port that is
overwhelmed by SATA II at the
part pci express
we see it we also have a lot of fear in
this format 5 in total have to exploit
a card has entered kz2 karts in 8x 8x or
three quarter time 8 16 8 or even
four cards in 8 16 8 8
did you understand everything at
worse a little tour on the site of asus
you will explain all that we'll go
switch to the back connector with the
thunder bolt
the buttons for the rog connect or
still reboot the motherboard
three ports usb 2.0 the case for europe
connect here the eternal 1002 usb 2.0 two
optical outputs the hd
the display port 1 ps 2 2 usb 3.0 of
new and the sound in 7.1 with the output
optical
of course we finish with the turn in
close- up of motherboard story of
discover more closely the different
components and the different systems of
cooling the socket the phases
power supply ports ddr3 2000 800
megahertz
the overclocking pole with the button
power the rize is the post help them
measuring points the vga scene that's
legault button at the party level
storage we see it has sata 6.0 on
the red pigs of sata 3.0 on the
black pigs here the n900 suffer the suns
still a dissipator the pci part
express with the different ports the
all compatible what decades it was
the extreme maximus 5 overcost tv and on
you see you soon on
cowcotland.com